### [Assignment7 Refactor]  

Still working on this.

## Add hapi-auth-cookie

### make plugin registration file 
* ./lib/auth-cookie.js
* register hapi-auth-cookie plugin for the project. 
  - set default to be hapi-auth-cookie to be applied to all routes.
  - password at least 32 chars in length.
  - redirect to GET /login.
  - isSecure: true


### api first steps
* mkdir ./lib/api to contain api resources.
* create user plugin ./lib/api/user.js.
  user account management logic kept here (login etc..)


### add resource points configured with restricted access based on role.
* plugin ./lib/api/user.js
    * POST /login
      payload validated by joi.
      request lifecycle handling of joi invalid message.
      auth:
          uses strategy named 'session'
          mode: 'try'
          redirectTo: false
    * POST /logout  restricted to authenticated users.

* plugin ./lib/home.js
    GET /login open to all users.
    GET /admin  restricted to admin users.
    GET /account  restricted to authenticated users.

### Modify users.json
* records should contain scopes.

### Lifecycle handling of events
*    ### request lifecycle handling of joi invalid message.
    * handle submission of bad data message and return it. 

*    ### add bad route handling using request lifecycle
    * unauthorized attempt handling.
    * user attempts to access non-existing route is redirected to /home.

*    ### track unauthorized attempts. insufficient scopes
    * add handling of insufficient scope responses.
    * In lifecyle watch these events.

### Static Assets
when hapi-auth-cookie strategy is applied to all routes it restricts
access to the static assets. 
* Need to configure static assets routes to turn off
  redirects when a user requests access.

### write client AJAX *login* *logout* request logic.
- POST login request to api /login point.
- POST logout request.
- on success:
- on failure:

###  100% test coverage

<br/>
(Original Assignmnet7)[https://github.com/hapijs/university/issues/155]


## PART 1
* Replace hapi-auth-basic with hapi-auth-cookie.
    - load hapi-auth-cookie strategy ./lib/auth-cookie.js.
        * configure Glue to register this strategy on *web-tls* connection.
          Note about connection configuration importance.
        * configured to black list all routes requiring authentication and authorization on every point.
    - api first steps
        * mkdir ./lib/api to contain api resources.
    - create plugin to handle user authentication ./lib/api/user.js.
      user account management logic kept here (login, update, etc..)
        * create point /login inside ./lib/api/user.js
        * /login handles  POST requests to authenticate a user.
            - success loads *sid-example* cookie and sends success message.
            - authentication failure sends failure message.
    - Refactor user document to have *admin* and *user* scopes (./lib/user.json).
    - write 100% tests for /login point.
        * successful authentication.
        * failed authentication.
        * plugin fails to load as dependency.
        * plugin fails to register.

## PART 2
* write hapi-auth-cookie test coverage. 
    - error on failed registration.
    - error on missing plugin.
    - does not exist etc.

## PART 3 
* joi validation of login payloads.
    - handle validation errors using request lifecycle onPreResponse.
* create /logout point
    - success redirect to /. 
    - failure
* 100% test coverage


## PART 4
* create new resource points: 
    - /admin, /account, /login GET versus POST in api.
      /admin is private resource for admin scope, and /account is a private resource for admin and user scopes.
    - remove /private resource ???

* write AJAX *login* *logout* request logic.
    - POST request to api /login point.
    - on success: 
    - on failure: 

## PART 5 
* add bad route handling using request lifecycle
* unauthorized attempt handling.

* Client: login and logout AJAX requests.
* joi validation of login logout request payloads.
    - handle validation errors in request lifecycle onPreResponse.

