### [Assignment5] Glue 

*  Refactor the application to use hapijs server composer [glue](https://github.com/hapijs/glue).  
  * Configure the glue manifest to register all application plugins.
* Add a new plugin named "home":
  * This plugin should contain two endpoints called "/home".
  * Configure 'home' plugin to use handlebars template rendering engine to render html templates.
  * Configure 'home' plugin to serve html view files and make the home endpoint render a html template named home.
  * Configure the home plugin to find view files in a directory named "./views" located in the root path of the application. 
  * The view directory should contain one template named home.jade. <br/>
    When viewed in a browser, the home.html template should display the path to this view file from the root of our project. 
* refactor hapi-auth-basic strategy registration code to load using glue: 
  * Configure glue to register 'hapi-auth-basic' plugin.  
  * Previously, hapi-auth-basic and it's authentication strategy were registered in the private plugin.
    Now, glue will handle registering hapi-auth-basic and the authentication strategy. 
  * The authentication strategy will be written in a plugin located at: "./lib/auth.js".
  * private.js' functionality will not change.  We are just refactoring where hapi-auth-basic 
    and it's authentication strategy are registered.  

  If you get stuck here, we will work together to make it work! 
* In the end, the application should have four endpoints: "home", "version", and "private". 
  Each point is located in it's own plugin which glue composes when the server starts up. 
* Ensure 100% test coverage.


Doing this exercise will help you get to know Glue and hapijs' plugin design better :-)
When composing a hapijs server using [glue](https://github.com/hapijs/glue) there is a manifest JSON object
which declares all plugins to be registered with the server. It is possible to write all plugin registration code
without using glue.  But, this often becomes tedious and difficult to manage as the number of plugins registered expands.

Utilizing glue and it's manifest JSON object to register plugins means all plugin registration
configurations for an application are in one object. And, it allows the utilization of server.dependency(plugins, after) to
ensure that a plugin's dependencies are loaded before the plugin that depends on them. If you do not use glue with 
server.dependency([], after) then you must do all accounting ensuring that dependencies are loaded first.   
<br/>
For more about glue read this (discussion)[https://github.com/hapijs/university/issues/136) and pay attention to @FennNaten 's comments.  
[Original assignment5](https://github.com/hapijs/university/issues/136) for helps.

