### [Assignment6] Static Assets, Partials, and TLS

#### Configure the application to use TLS/SSL
- Generate your own TLS/SSL certificate                                                                    
- Make "certs" directory in ./lib.                                                               
- Place the certificates you generate into "certs" directory.          

#### Configure two server connections
 - One labelled ['web'] on port 8000 with no TLS configured.                                      
 - The other labelled ['web-tls'] on port 8001 will use TLS.                                      
      Configure this connection to use the ssl/tls certificates you just generated                       
      and placed in ./lib/certs                                                                      

#### Use TLS everywhere
Configure the application to always use TLS [Transport Layer Security] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security).  <br/> Every http request should be redirected to https. 
Two references: 
* [@hueniverse on the issue](https://github.com/hapijs/hapi/issues/778)
* [related StackOverflow post](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28650829/hapijs-using-both-http-and-https-on-one-connection)

### Configure the home plugin.
  - Make a new point in the home plugin called: "login"
    * Make login route display view template named login.html.
  - Use partials to display the login form
    * make a directory inside of the ./views called partials                          
    * configure the home plugin to use the ./views/partials directory to load partials from. 
        * In ./views/partials/ directory make a file named form.html.
           * form should have two inputs one type="text" named "username" and the second type="password" named "password".
          * form should have one submission button with text value "Login".                        
        * Inside login.html template load the partial file named "form.html" 

#### Use Static Assets                                                                          
- Make directory in root of project called "assets".                                            
- Inside the assets directory, make three directories:                                           
  "styles" for css, 
  "scripts" for JS scripts,                                                                      
   "images" for project images.                                                                   
    * Place Hapi University logo into the images directory                                           
      and display it on the home page (home.html). 
      (image is in the repo ./images/logo.png)
    * Place a CSS file in the stylesheets directory (styles).                                        
      Name css file styles.css:
       * Make one simple style:                                                                      
         h3 { font-size: 24px; font-weight: bold; }                                                  
       * Use the stylesheet in home.html. Make a title inside h3 tags.
    * Make a script named login.js and put in ./assets/scripts   
      * Make this script print a console message to the browser when the form button is clicked.                                    
    * In the home plugin configure the application to serve these static assets.
    * Make a login link in home.html that links to the login route.

#### 100% test coverage required

### Other resources to learn from 
* server certificate configuration at [npm newww ](https://github.com/npm/newww/blob/13e26e0eaf5c6699f068bb5418d932af76be4aef/server.js)
* [Original assignment6](https://github.com/hapijs/university/issues/144)
