### [Assignment9]

## request lifecycle and *route-level* extensions 


Make a ***route-level*** extension to handle invalid data passed to `/login` route.<br/>
Previous assignments registered a function as a ***connection-level*** extension to handle invalid data. 

If not familiar with hapi's request lifecycle or do not know the difference between ***route-level*** 
extensions versus ***connection-level*** extensions, [read this first](../guides/lifecycleBigPicture.md). 


Connection-level extensions are really powerful.  However, using them to check route specific errors is wasteful. 
Currently, our hapi application has a problem. Every request received on the `webTls` connection checks for `/login` route validation errors. 
It would be best to check for these errors only when requests to the `/login` route are made.  
This assignment *changes* how we check for `/login` validation errors.  Previously, we used a ***connection-level*** extension to check for validation errors.
Now, we will use a ***route-level*** extension.  Conveniently, hapi allows us to make ***route-level*** extensions in the [route configuration object](https://hapijs.com/api#route-configuration).<br/>

Make a ***route-level*** extension on the `/login` route which handles Joi validation errors.<br/>
Remove the ******connection-level****** extension which previously handled Joi errors for the `/login` route.<br/>
Return custom error message specific to the `/login` route.<br/>
After this lesson, our application will have two levels of lifecycle extensions:
* **connection-level extensions**<br/> 
  Apply to all points on a server connection. <br/>
  For example:
  - tls everywhere - force non-tls requests to redirect to the tls connection.
  - redirects /home if insufficient user scope 
  - handles bad route attempts (route does not exist) 
* **route-level extensions**<br/>
  Apply to a specific point or route in the application.<br/>
  For example:
  - handle invalid data sent to /login

Note, there is a third type of lifecycle extension in the hapi framework:
***plugin-level*** extensions. Plugin-level extensions apply to all routes within a plugin.
Our project does not use ***plugin-level*** extensions yet.

See [route configuration object](https://hapijs.com/api#route-configuration) and [route options](https://hapijs.com/api#route-options) for related documentation. 
Plus, see below and [look here](../lib/api/user.js) for ***route-level*** extension examples.<br/>
```
// route-level extension below 
// extends the /login end point
// Script lib/api/user.js has a route configuration object as below.
{
    method: 'POST',
    path: '/login',
    config: {
        ext: {
            onPreResponse: { method: internals.handleJoiValidationFailure }
        },
        ...
        ...
    }
}
```

**See** [lib/index.js](../lib/index.js) for all functions registered as ***connection-level*** extensions.
```
  // connection-level extension 
  // below adds an extension to the  webTls connection

  webTls.ext('onPreResponse', function) 
```


hapi's request lifecycle and it's plugin architecture are the backbone of the hapi framework<br/>
(source: [@AdriVanHoudt nodeconf talk proposal](https://gist.github.com/AdriVanHoudt/562f537ba48301bac76fb3bc42def5b3)) Take the
time to get to know the request lifecycle well. Start by reading the documention and linked references below.

### For more details read:
- [university write up on request lifecycle](../guides/lifecycleBigPicture.md)
- Documentation:
  * [hapi docs - request lifecycle](https://hapijs.com/api#request-lifecycle)
  * [server.ext(events)](https://hapijs.com/api#serverextevents) - Register an array of event objects as ***connection-level*** extensions. 
  * [server.ext(event, method, [options])](https://hapijs.com/api#serverextevent-method-options) - Register a single extension event as a ***connection-level*** extension.
  * [route configuration object](https://hapijs.com/api#route-configuration)
    - ```
      {
        method: 'POST',
        path: '/login',
        config: {
            route options (see below)
        }
      }
      ```
  * [route options](https://hapijs.com/api#route-options)
    - Describes how to add ***route-level*** extensions.<br/>
      Pay attention to documentation about 'ext' configs option.
    - ```
        config: {
          ext: {
                onPreResponse: { method: function }
          ...
          ...
        }
      ```
  * [route prerequisites](https://hapijs.com/api#route-prerequisites)
    - Not used in this lesson but shows how to configure a route with the `pre` option.<br/>
      Useful to load data from a db for the request.

- ***plugin-level*** extensions<br/> 
  See @mtharrison [plugin-level and route-level extensions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37424079/how-to-apply-a-hapi-js-plugin-to-specific-routes) to the lifecycle.
- request lifecycle and plugins<br/> 
  See @AdriVanHoudt on [hapi cycling through life](https://gist.github.com/AdriVanHoudt/562f537ba48301bac76fb3bc42def5b3)<br/>
- What is a hook?<br/>
  A hook is functionality provided by software for users of that software to have their own code called under certain circumstances. 
  That code can augment or replace the current code.<br/> 
  (source: [SO](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/467557/what-is-meant-by-the-term-hook-in-programming))
