### [Assignment3] Testing & 100% coverage 

Things are getting a bit more interesting...

It's time to add tests, verify coverage, confirm style, and automate all of this with CI. 
We will be using the [lab](https://github.com/hapijs/lab) module to perform all these tasks and automate it with [travis](https://travis-ci.org).

1. Add a `.travis.yml` file, testing our project on node 4.0, 4, and 5 (latest).
2. Add a test folder with two files, `version.js` and `index.js`, each testing the corresponding file under `/lib`.
3. Modify the `package.json` file to include the tests, as well as the dev dependency to lab.
4. When using lab, enable coverage, require 100% coverage, enable linting with default rules, and use the [code](https://github.com/hapijs/code) assertion library.
5. Write a basic test to verify our version endpoint in `version.js`.
6. Change the `init()` method to accept a port and a callback. Use the callback to return when the function completes or errors. The `init()` callback should return any error state as well 
   as a reference to the newly created server. This will allow us to later stop the server when we test it.
7. Export `init()` and move the invocation to a new `start.js` file (which will call the exported `init()` function with the `8000` port 
   and a callback outputs the information to the console when started). 
   Change the `package.json` file to use the `start.js` file as the starting place. This file will not be covered by tests.
8. Write a basic test to verify the `init()` function in `index.js`.
9. Bring coverage to 100% by adding more tests as needed.

Everything up to (9) should be pretty straight forward. If you are not sure on how to use lab and code, 
look at other hapi.js modules like hoek, qs, items, and boom (e.g. simple modules) to copy their test scripts and setup.

Getting 100% coverage can be tricky sometimes so if you are not sure, get as much coverage as you can, and comment on the lines 
in your pull request where you are having a hard time reaching and someone will give you a clue.

Remember to properly `stop()` your servers when calling the `init()` method in each test.

For now, avoid using any of the `before()` and `after()` lab features.

As always, ask for help and help others!


### Helps

General comments from @hueniverse:
- When monkey patching code in a test, mark that test with the `{ parallel: false }` lab option to make it both safe for future parallel testing as well as visual cue.
- Never return anything other than an actual `Error` as an error (e.g. no strings, plain objects, etc.).
- Never use fixed port numbers in tests, only `0` or the default.
- Always `return` before `next()` unless there is a reason to continue.
- Some of you missed the change in the assignment to make both arguments in `init()` required.
- When calling `server.inject()` with a GET request, just pass the path string as the first argument instead of an options object. Makes the code much more readable.
- Use the testing shortcuts boilerplate used in hapi. Makes reading tests easier.

Also, if others are leaving comments on your code, you should either reply or address their suggestions. 
This experiment works by learning sideways, not just top to bottom. I have seen a lot of great comments from peers, so please respect their time and use it to learn. 
If I see you ignoring useful comments from others, I am not going to bother adding my own comments.

#### Related Important Concepts
 * [Explanation of Singletons](https://gist.github.com/zoe-1/d5465682428edc583ccc)
 * Monkey patching definition:
   By utilizing nodejs' singleton design a plugin's method is changed to return needed values to get 100% test coverage. Ex.) test/index.js 
   ```
    const orig = Version.register;

    Version.register = function (server, options, next) {

        Version.register = orig;
        return next(new Error('register version failed'));
    };

    Version.register.attributes = {
        name: 'fake version'
    };
   ```

 * Throw Safe Error handling: 
   code in index.js and version.js should not be throwing any errors, with Hoek, but instead should be sending any errors back to the original caller - 
   which would be either start.js or in the test code.

   When writing error handling code either you pass the error up the call back chain
   or just make the application shutdown. Passing errors up the callback chain makes 
   your errors "throw safe" and does not asplode the person's application when your module 
   does not work. In contrast to passing errors up the callback chain, you can use:
   Hoek.assert();
   This will just shut the whole application down if there is an error and return an error message.

   Item6 just wants us to make init() "throw safe". With throw safe code, if a module does not load 
   properly the error will not shut the whole application down. 

[Original assignment3](https://github.com/hapijs/university/issues/79)
